chore: new external blogs (#399)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2023-11-15-tetragon-newstack/index.md

---
date: '2023-11-15T12:33:00.000Z'
title: 'Tetragon 1.0 Promises a New Era of Kubernetes Security and Observability'
ogImage: ogimage.png

> ogSummary: 'The New Stack reports on the release of Tetragon 1.0 which marks a signigicant advancement in Kubernetes security and observability. Tetragon is designed for minimal performance overhead and provides comprehensive security intelligence while maintaining syst em efficiency'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'The New Stack reports on the release of Tetragon 1.0 which marks a signigicant advancement in Kubernetes security and observability. Tetragon is designed for minimal performance overhead and provides comprehensive security intelligence while maintaining system efficiency'
```
